hello this is Sal the owner of a cool
website Naples real estate seller calm
here in Naples Florida today Manny
McCauley Road North Naples the
communities called M Burton it's a newer
community built in the midst of the
crisis in 2008 so that's a Britain brand
new one I'm just turning around to show
you how this community looks like it's
actually it's actually just two circles
built of Immokalee Road I'm showing you
the foreclosure listed at a hundred
thousand actually a hundred five
thousand nine hundred dollars almost one
hundred six and this is the townhouse
two-story 1577 square feet three bedroom
two and a half baths and let me tell you
what's going on here total tax bill
looks 16 hundred seventy four dollars
for 2010 and the HOA fee is three
hundred nineteen dollars monthly so I'm
walking into this unit this is the
garage door on the left
on the right you can see stairs to the
second floor so all the bedrooms are
upstairs and let me show you the living
area over here it's a new definitely
upgraded tile and this is the lanai but
let's look at the view this community
was not completed so basically this unit
is so cheap because of this view and
very not very well tended lake fairway
preserve a condo communities over there
so there might be a lot of construction
going on here this is definitely a sight
and
that's how it looks like on the back the
windows so the lanai is not screened it
has a bunch of upgrades because
obviously the builders were desperate to
sell this units back in 2008 so
definitely they have some features that
you can't find in it in a regular kind
of town house built into in early 2000s
or or late 90s you have stainless steel
appliances here very nice and they look
new almost not used look at this fridge
not a single print on it okay so it
looks like nobody lived in here and the
backsplash very nicely done and the
granite is thick and nice here's how
bathroom as you can see the tile is
always it is also an upgrade definitely
it's better quality tile and let's go to
the second floor
okay so on the Left we have two bedrooms
with a view of the street well but um
maybe I'm wrong some of the lived here
but very shortly okay so that's the view
from this bedroom another one here looks
like soccer and basketball fans were
here it definitely needs some paint job
but look at the detail here and on the
ceiling it's definite upgrade too and I
looked at the bathroom here tile
everywhere very nicely done look at the
detail here the tile tile good quality
double sink here okay now this is
obviously a master overlooking a very
nice empty space okay but two walk-in
closets separately here well that's for
natural division of powers in the family
and stand-up shower here with a window
and nice details as well and actually
upgraded kind of appliances here okay
double sink as well well so this is the
unit in am Burton at a hundred five
thousand nine hundred I think the bank
will sell it for anything it's just you
can save definitely about ten percent
because the banks prefer to do at nine
and I am ninety cents on a dollar well
but this is the unit it's a foreclosure
for a larger unit you can buy a
townhouse two-story almost 1600 square
feet for a hundred thousand dollars
anymore
Naples so basically what you trade in
you trade it in a very nice unit with
multiple upgrades very nicely done
for lack of you all right
so bye-bye